docs(newsletter): add News edition 4 - WIP (#1855)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: news/editions/edition4.md

---
layout: single
title:  "*Flying*  Edition 4"
sidebar:
  nav: news
redirect_from: /news/latest/
---

> ##

Reviewer: Looks like you're missing heading text. In previous issues, you have the intro text under a heading, but IMO it works well just to have an intro sentence before you have any headings.

Author: Agree, no need for the heading.

Reviewer: I recommend deleteing the `##` though. :)

> This issue focuses on open source innovation in the Spinnaker community. Spinnaker sets the standard in total software development lifecycle automation because you evolve it.

> ## [How to Build a Spinnaker Plugin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7BmMY1kR10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [How to build a Spinnaker plugin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7BmMY1kR10)
```

This how-to video series demonstrates the process of building a plugin to extend Spinnaker with custom functionality. Learn to leverage an extension point to [add a custom stage](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7BmMY1kR10) to Spinnaker, to do [the build process](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AIOXdgvNqs) for your custom stage plugin, to [develop a plugin frontend](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u9NVlG58NYo), and to [deliver your plugin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2eyc9gzNS0) to your Spinnaker environment.

## [Using CodeBuild in Spinnaker for continuous integration](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/devops/using-codebuild-in-spinnaker-for-continuous-integration/)

> Learn how to use AWS CodeBuild in Spinnaker to provide fully managed continuous integration capabilities as a stage in a Spinnaker pipeline. Follow this guide to enable and connect to the AWS provider, then access and configure pipeline triggers for your CodeBuild projects.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add that the CodeBuild stage is available in Spinnaker 1.19 and higher?

## [Integrating Spinnaker with ServiceNow](https://www.armory.io/blog/integrating-spinnaker-with-servicenow/)
Using ServiceNow as a system of record for software code and infrastructure changes to production  environments? In this video and blog, learn to trigger Spinnaker pipelines from ServiceNow, use Spinnaker Pipeline Expressions to capture build metadata, and automate ServiceNow change requests.

## [Join us June 18th for Spinnaker.Live](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-live/)

> Spinnaker.Live, a four-hour live stream event, will focus on building the global community and sharing new achievements, best practices, and success stories. Hear keynotes and panels from SDLC innovators like Kelsey Hightower, catch Spinnaker buzz from key contributors in talks like "Introducing a Kubernetes-native Spinnaker installation path using Kustomize and Kleat," and invite your boss to hear enterprise use cases from Adobe, Autodesk, Nike, Redbox, SAP, and Snap. [Register now](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-live/register/)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spinnaker.Live, a four-hour livestream event, will focus on building the global community and sharing new achievements, best practices, and success stories. Hear keynotes and panels from SDLC innovators like Kelsey Hightower, catch Spinnaker buzz from key contributors in talks like "Introducing a Kubernetes-native Spinnaker installation path using Kustomize and Kleat," and invite your boss to hear enterprise use cases from Adobe, Autodesk, Nike, Redbox, SAP, and Snap. [Register now](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-live/register/)!
```

## [Developing for Spinnaker with Minnaker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xSZlWf9rUI4)

> Use Minnaker (https://github.com/armory/minnaker) to quickly set up Spinnaker in a VM for development. Host this VM in the cloud or locally with 16 GB of RAM at minimum. Steps: Install Minnaker, set up remote SSH, and connect to the instance; Test and debug Orca by connecting a local clone to Redis and Front50 in Minnaker with kubectl; Set and test a break point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Minnaker (https://github.com/armory/minnaker) to quickly set up Spinnaker in a VM for development. Host this VM in the cloud or locally with 16 GB of RAM at minimum. 

Steps: 

1. Install Minnaker, set up remote SSH, and connect to the instance.

1. Test and debug Orca by connecting a local clone to Redis and Front50 in Minnaker with kubectl.

1. Set and test a break point.
```

## [Learn how to integrate Jenkins with Spinnaker](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6NaYmD3cJk)
Follow the OpsMx Spinnaker tutorial and begin learning how to integrate Jenkins with Spinnaker to do continuous integration within your software delivery pipelines.

## [How to integrate AWS with Spinnaker - Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TG9TOrl4tos)
Learn about accounts in the AWS provider for deploying to AWS with Spinnaker. Create the roles, policies, and users needed to set up [managing and managed](https://www.spinnaker.io/setup/install/providers/aws/) accounts.

## [Continuous deployment to Kubernetes using GitHub-triggered Spinnaker pipelines](https://blog.opsmx.com/continuous-deployment-to-kubernetes-using-github-triggered-spinnaker-pipelines/)

> Learn to configure a webhook to trigger pipelines in Spinnaker 1.19.1 based on commits to a GitHub repository. Set up Spinnaker to listen to changes in a GitHub artifact repository, inject changed GitHub files as artifacts into your pipeline, and provide execution verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn to configure a webhook to trigger pipelines in Spinnaker 1.19.1 based on commits to a GitHub repository. Set up Spinnaker to listen to changes in a GitHub artifact repository, inject changed GitHub files as artifacts into your pipeline, and verify execution.
```

## [Spinnaker – Configuring dynamic Kubernetes accounts using Vault](https://blog.opsmx.com/spinnaker-configuring-dynamic-kubernetes-accounts-using-vault/)

> We can configure Spinnaker's Clouddriver with external configuration stores, such as HashiCorp Vault, a secrets management tool, to keep Kubernetes account information secure outside of Spinnaker. Consult this guide and its [sequel](https://blog.opsmx.com/spinnaker-externalising-kubeconfig-files-of-kubernetes-accounts/) to learn about externalizing dynamic Kubernetes accounts and kubeconfig files in Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can configure Spinnaker's Clouddriver with external configuration stores, such as HashiCorp Vault to keep Kubernetes account information secure outside of Spinnaker. Consult this guide and its [sequel](https://blog.opsmx.com/spinnaker-externalising-kubeconfig-files-of-kubernetes-accounts/) to learn how to externalize dynamic Kubernetes accounts and kubeconfig files in Vault.
```

> ## [Spinnaker Operator Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VojwvcxZF3k)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Spinnaker Operator demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VojwvcxZF3k)
```

> Take a look at the Spinnaker Operator, a Kubernetes operator for Spinnaker that makes it easier to install, deploy, and upgrade any version of Spinnaker using standard Kubernetes application workflows and tools, like kubectl, helm, or kustomize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the Spinnaker Operator, a Kubernetes operator for Spinnaker that makes it easier to install, deploy, and upgrade any version of Spinnaker using standard Kubernetes application workflows and tools like kubectl, helm, or kustomize.
```

## [Spinnaker idea: reusable run job stages via script runner containers](https://medium.com/@tomas_lin/spinnaker-idea-reusable-run-job-stages-via-script-runner-containers-ff5fd95ec056)

> Combine the deployment ease of the run script stage with the security advantages of a containerized stage by building general runner containers that run mix-and-match script workflows from S3. Enjoy the flexibility and security of a container runtime, and reduce time spend building containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combine the deployment ease of the run script stage with the security advantages of a containerized stage by building general runner containers that run mix-and-match script workflows from S3. Enjoy the flexibility and security of a container runtime, and reduce time spent building containers.
```

## [A Guide On The Installation Of Spinnaker in Kubernetes Clusters](https://www.magalix.com/blog/a-guide-on-the-installation-of-spinnaker-in-your-production-kubernetes-cluster)
With this guide, use Halyard to install Spinnaker in a Kubernetes cluster, such as one you create in Google Kubernetes Engine. Configure an IAM role, storage bucket, and Halyard, and deploy a production-grade instance of Spinnaker.

## [Spinnaker projects participating in Google Summer of Code](https://cd.foundation/blog/2020/05/18/9-cd-foundation-projects-are-participating-in-this-years-google-summer-of-code/)

> This year, we have joined GSoC to bring more student developers into the Spinnaker community. We'll nurture two Spinnaker projects: "Drone CI type for Spinnaker pipeline stage," from Victor Odusanya mentored by Armory engineer [Cameron Motevasselani](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtkXeC8a38Y); and “Continuous Delivery, Continuous Deployments with Spinnaker,” from Moki Daniel mentored by Armory engineer [Fernando Freire](https://www.armory.io/blog/identifying-risk-when-executing-your-kubernetes-migration/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This year, we joined GSoC to bring more student developers into the Spinnaker community. We're nurturing two Spinnaker projects: "Drone CI type for Spinnaker pipeline stage" from Victor Odusanya (mentored by Armory engineer [Cameron Motevasselani](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtkXeC8a38Y)) and “Continuous Delivery, Continuous Deployments with Spinnaker” from Moki Daniel (mentored by Armory engineer [Fernando Freire](https://www.armory.io/blog/identifying-risk-when-executing-your-kubernetes-migration/)).

Reviewer 2: Also, the links for Cameron and Fernando seem kid of random

Author: Agree, rm'd

## [The Continuous Delivery Foundation, interoperability, and open standards](https://www.infoq.com/podcasts/continuous-delivery-foundation/)

> Tracy Miranda, the new Governing Board chair of the CDF, discusses the foundation's purpose and interoperability goals on the InfoQ podcast. Read more about Tracy's vision of standardized metadata in continuous delivery pipelines, and how Spinnaker's advanced deployment strategies fit in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tracy Miranda, the new Governing Board chair of the CDF, discusses the foundation's purpose and interoperability goals on the InfoQ podcast. Read more about Tracy's vision of standardized metadata in continuous delivery pipelines and how Spinnaker's advanced deployment strategies fit in.
```

## [Spinnaker community builder elected as chair of CD Foundation Outreach Committee](https://cd.foundation/announcement/2020/04/24/new-chair-of-cd-foundation-outreach-committee-elected/)

> We are excited to announce that [Rosalind Benoit](https://blog.spinnaker.io/building-open-source-community-culture-online-part-1-2f77272f5442) was elected the CD Foundation Outreach Committee Chairperson. The Outreach Committee manages marketing and outreach for CDF projects on behalf of the Governing Board. Rosalind’s election recognizes her contributions to CDF community efforts, and will bring Spinnaker outreach into focus.

Reviewer: Hey, congratulations!

> We are excited to announce that [Rosalind Benoit](https://blog.spinnaker.io/building-open-source-community-culture-online-part-1-2f77272f5442) was elected the CD Foundation Outreach Committee Chairperson. The Outreach Committee manages marketing and outreach for CDF projects on behalf of the Governing Board. Rosalind’s election recognizes her contributions to CDF community efforts, and will bring Spinnaker outreach into focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are excited to announce that [Rosalind Benoit](https://blog.spinnaker.io/building-open-source-community-culture-online-part-1-2f77272f5442) was elected chairperson of the CD Foundation Outreach Committee. The Outreach Committee manages marketing and outreach for CDF projects on behalf of the Governing Board. Rosalind’s election recognizes her contributions to CDF community efforts, and will bring Spinnaker outreach into focus.
```

Reviewer 2: for `and will bring Spinnaker outreach into focus`
* No comma before `and`
* I suggest using present tense instead of future, i.e. `and brings Spinnaker outreach into focus.` But also, `into focus` or `into the spotlight`? Focus implies it was blurry and unclear before.

## Release Alerts
Information about the latest Spinnaker releases:
- [Release Notes: 1.20](https://gist.github.com/spinnaker-release/75d50c7b931f1089e710a0e9d1acf8c4)

## Jobs
[Engineering Director at Armory](https://www.armory.io/careers/open-positions/?gh_jid=4736783002)
[Site Reliability Engineer at Armory](https://www.armory.io/careers/open-positions/?gh_jid=4729812002)
[Senior DevOps Engineer at OpsMx](https://www.opsmx.com/careers.html)
[Customer Support Engineer at OpsMx](https://www.opsmx.com/careers.html)
[Pre-Sales Engineer at OpsMx](https://www.opsmx.com/careers.html)
[Senior Java Developer at OpsMx](https://www.opsmx.com/careers.html)
[Junior Java Developer at OpsMx](https://www.opsmx.com/careers.html)

> Trying to hire a Spinnaker engineer? [Join Spinnaker Slack](join.spinnaker.io) and add the jobs you'd like to advertise to the [#Spinnaker-News Channel](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/C011W1CNW8Y)

Reviewer: This is causing a rake test failure. Maybe need the full url?

> ## Call for Participation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Call for participation
```

  nav: news
redirect_from: /news/latest/
---
> It's been a while! This mega-issue will catch you up on new Spinnaker content from the past few months. Spinnaker sets the standard for open source innovation because YOU evolve it.

## [Join us for Spinnaker Summit and Summit Gardening Days](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-summit)
This year's Spinnaker Summit is a 4-week virtual event, October 19th - November 12. Learn from technical and leadership-focused talks on Tuesdays and Thursdays, and catch keynotes and special events on Wednesdays. Speakers hail from Adobe, Airbnb, Autodesk, AWS, Cisco, Cloudera, Modzy, Netflix, Pinterest, Red Hat, Salesforce, SAP, Snap, Splunk, Sumo Logic, Xero and more. Hack all month at [Gardening Days](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon/gardening), our global hackathon, part of Summit schedule this year with exciting challenges from GitHub, Sumo Logic, and more. [Get your Summit tickets now](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/spinnaker-summit/register/)!

## Solution guides

### [How to build a CI/CD pipeline with Spinnaker](https://youtu.be/nTXrKiQEeO8)

> In this episode of Season of Scale, Carter Morgan shows you how you can utilize Google's Cloud Build and Artifact Registry with Spinnaker and other tools to develop an automated, tag-based continuous integration and deployment pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this episode of Season of Scale, Carter Morgan shows you how to use Google's Cloud Build and Artifact Registry with Spinnaker and other tools to develop an automated, tag-based continuous integration and deployment pipeline.
```

### [Integrating Spinnaker with ServiceNow](https://www.armory.io/blog/integrating-spinnaker-with-servicenow/)
Using ServiceNow as a system of record for software code and infrastructure changes to production  environments? In this video and blog, learn to trigger Spinnaker pipelines from ServiceNow, use Spinnaker Pipeline Expressions to capture build metadata, and automate ServiceNow change requests.

## Success stories

### [True continuous deployment: From dream to reality with Spinnaker at Upside](https://engineering.upside.com/true-continuous-deployment-from-dream-to-reality-with-spinnaker-5b48487d2f88)
Learn how and why Upside is leveraging Spinnaker to give its teams more runway to build out complex and robust deployment pipelines with ease. With Continuous Deployment, Upside engineers can further increase the velocity of deployments, as well as their confidence in them.

### [Spinnaker @ GIPHY](https://engineering.giphy.com/spinnaker-giphy/?fbclid=IwAR1aztJT68aqrDUBzPDGmYfpTQfvpNK5WHkVBQ1lxLViGbg6yx8aoJj-hMI)

> Understand the Site Reliability team at GIPHY's process for distributing applications to Kubernetes on AWS servers. Spinnaker has made it easy for GIPHY to integrate with existing Jenkins pipelines and tooling, deploy to multiple cluster via Helm, and handle automated canary testing and releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understand the process the Site Reliability team at GIPHY uses for distributing applications to Kubernetes on AWS servers. Spinnaker has made it easy for GIPHY to integrate with existing Jenkins pipelines and tooling, deploy to multiple cluster via Helm, and handle automated canary testing and releases.
```
